cocktail or each
nah
hawlucha
your little
hi guys I'm Lloyd hi I'm Alice and this
is pepe TV and tonight we've done harlem
shake please don't film me any longer
and win a fucking tank top
is the chicken on the edge Jimmy why
who's taking out to get like the haircut
came on the fanny of the chair by the
chicken up some of the action is the
funny boost my morale Oh tell me about
your waist Valentine's date wow it was
is anonymous date but yeah she realized
she she she got a photo of me and she
was like oh I'm doing absolutely
anything else you can only wear clothes
on your top off or your bottom off which
one would you choose my grabbing my
boobs out but not my vagina might be
saying exactly the same place but
vaginas a different story what's the
stupidest thing it didn't score
geography are you tell me mother
weirdest person you've ever met Lloyd no
because you
okay first the chicken or the egg in my
opinion it depends whether you believe
in God a lot all chickens you venture
instigated in school was a better school
photo and I protest what's your worst
Valentine's dates my ex-boyfriends
cooked meat chicken nuggets and then
gave me a foot rub what came first the
chicken or the egg who cares can you
tell me about the blues with PJ and he
was free not really because you haven't
good clearly on ago oh I go to my
challenge now oh my cat is called polyps
because he got castrated and his
bollocks through back and they were in
the papers any tell me about your worst
Valentine's date none
I've as I slow
hi guys off in like I pin Alice and this
has been therapy TV please have tried
the Harlem shake at home I'm still in a
fucking time you're supposed to meet me
like a day show me do it is just a dead
really you just have a sexy you think oh
yeah do you wonder why or does this
explain them all